Link to URL: https://codepen.io/maxtilden/pen/RwVYwKN?editors=1100

 1. What is Semantic HTML? 
 html that tells you what it is doing based off of its name, for example <header>
    2. What is HTML used for? 
    putting elements on a webpage, text and images are examples
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    an attribute gives elements additional characteristics and appears in the start tag of an element
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    it is used for the main headline of a page and should be used once
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    <header>
    7. What is an id? 
    a unique identifier for an element
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    html
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    once
    10. What is a class? 
    an identifier for a group of elements
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    html
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    infinite
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    double-click, then select open in new tab
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
    if an image cannot apear than the alt text will appear instead
    15. How do I reference an id?
    #
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    div is very broad and doesnt do anything on its own where as section groups elements together on a page
    17. What is CSS used for? 
    styling html
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    h2{}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    classes can be used for multiple elements where as id can only be used for one so id would be used for something specific such as an email on a page where as classes might be used to style all the paragraphs the same way
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    by using a .
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    .human
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    all elements that are contained by another element, it is useful when you want to apply something to every element within a section
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    div.sidebar
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    a word that refers to a special state of an element like :hover
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    line-height
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    text-transform
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    border:1px dotted black;
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    control a
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    start with /* and end with */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    34. Why should I use version control? 
    35. How often should I commit to github?
    when ypu get something  working, or maybe every 20 min.
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push -u origin
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
first fork and clone the repo and then in your terminal cd into the repo than create your own branch.  after you have made 
your changes add them to the stage and then commit them, then push your changes up to github and submit a pull request.